Usage:

- SISSO_predict.f90: read descriptor formulas from SISSO.out, and make prediction on unknown materials.
1. How to install: ifort SISSO_predict.f90 -o ~/bin SISSO_predict
2. How to use: run 'SISSO_predict' at your working directory
3. Needed input files: predict.dat (containing the test materials and features, 
   with exactly the same format with train.dat); SISSO_predict_para (parameters for running this code; 
   if this file is not present, the code will ask for input interactively).
4. Output files: predict_X.out (descriptor coordinates of the test materials); predict_Y.out 
   (predicted values of the target property of the test materials).
5. Note: please make sure that no 'operator' name is used for the feature names. E.g.: if one feature is named 'a', 
   then 'abs()' will be mistakenly translated as xxxbs(), where xxx is the value of 'a'.


- SVC.py: find the SVC hyperplane for classification with the descriptor from SISSO
1. How to use: run 'python SVC.py >out' at your working directory where the file train.dat should present.
2. Format of train.dat: column1,sample-string; column2,target-label(1/-1); column3-,components of the descriptor)
3. Note: please check SVC.py and make changes wherever necessary for your application.


- k-fold-cv: creating sub-dataset for k-fold cross validation with SISSO
1. Set your cv parameters at line 9 in the file k-fold-cv.f90
2. Compile the program: ifort k-fold-cv -o kfoldcv
3. In the presence of the all-data train.dat file, run kfoldcv to generate cv training data in k folders
4. Prepare a proper SISSO.in (take care the number of samples) and copy it to each of the cv folder
5. Submit all the cv jobs by either using a script or do it manually
6. Collect and analyze your cv results.


- leave-percent-out cv: creating sub-dataset for leave-percent-out cross validation with SISSO
1. Set your cv parameters at line 9 in the file leave-percent-out-cv.f90
2. Do: ifort leave-percent-out-cv.f90 -o lpocv
3. In the presence of the all-data train.dat file, run lpocv to generate cv training data in n folders
4. Prepare a proper SISSO.in (take care the number of samples) and copy it to each of the folder
5. Submit all the cv jobs by either using a script or do it manually
6. Collect and analyze your cv results.


- Ionic_Radii
The table of extended Shannon radii





