
Note: The tools may not be timely updated with the SISSO code, and therefore you may find some of them not working because of format and parameter evolution in the SISSO input and output files.

Usage of the tools (see also the SISSO_guide.pdf):

- SISSO_predict.f90: read the models from SISSO.out, and make prediction on unknown/test materials.
1. Installation: ifort SISSO_predict.f90 -o ~/bin SISSO_predict
2. Use: run the command 'SISSO_predict' at your working directory
3. Input files: predict.dat (containing the test materials and features, same format with train.dat); 
                input parameters can be provided by either interactively or from a file named SISSO_predict_para 
                (see the provided template).
4. Output files: predict_X.out (descriptor coordinates for the materials in predict.dat); 
                 predict_Y.out (predicted property for the materials in predict.dat).
5. Note: avoid using the operators as variable names; otherwise the translation from string to formula will fail.


- SVC.py: find the SVC hyperplane for classification based on the descriptor from SISSO
  run 'python SVC.py >out' at your working directory where the file train.dat exists.
  Please double-check and make necessary changes in SVC.py for your applications.

- k-fold-cv & leave-percent-out-cv: creating sub-datasets for cv with SISSO
1. Define the input parameters in the file k-fold-cv.f90 (leave-percent-out-cv.f90)
2. Compile the program: ifort k-fold-cv -o kfoldcv (ifort leave-percent-out-cv.f90 -o lpocv)
3. With the all-data train.dat and corresponding SISSO.in in the working directory, run kfoldcv (or lpocv) to generate k folders
4. Double-check and sumbit the k SISSO jobs
5. Collect and analyze your cv results from the k folders

- Ionic_Radii
The table of extended Shannon radii (R. Ouyang, Chem. Mater. 32, 595 (2020).

- af2traindat.f90: Automatically creating the train.dat based on atomic features for the provided compounds
1. Prepare the two input files: atom_features (list of atomic features) and samplelist (list of training samples). 
   See the provided templates
2. Compilation: ifort af2traindat.f90 -o af2traindat
3. Use: ./af2traindat

- VarSelect.py: Variable selection assisted SISSO.
See the usage instruction in the VarSelect.py program.


